it's me and tell me I'm Marjorie
come
I inject ahead
Oh
you can't kill me long that only I know
your true purpose in this galaxy only I
know your true name return is inevitable
it's broken looks like something stamped
off the primary reflux coil I believe it
is missing a three and three quarters
Santa Cuba hexagonal washer dimension
ater find home
ratchet are you all right and where
where are we we are home ratchet you've
got your own mate try it again this time
from the throat Oh honestly how did you
ever become the captain of anything once
more and this time had an inappropriate
snow oh you saucy wench I'm gonna need
more grog I am tachyon crown prince of
the craggy mate if they fear me and yeah
yeah what not right he'll rule the
universe die crack my feet you to be
careful cutting San is a micro cube it
away from popping off
do you think he was selling the truth
Clank about my father about my purpose I
detected no lie in his voice but I
believe your purpose has already been
filled you vanquished a key on something
even the lump axis could not do Thanks
click
don't look at me you said it was broke
whoa clang are these his own let him go
my Christmas
time to come with you
Clank